= Concerto Bandshell

Bandshell is an optional part of the Concerto[https//www.github.com/concerto/concerto] Digital Signage system (v2). It interfaces with the Concerto server to manage installation and configuration of a screen, and then takes over for local management of firmware and configuration updates, and day-to-day operation of the browser viewer.

The core logic of Bandshell resides in a daemon that acts as a local webserver, relying on a series of Ruby classes for interaction with the Concerto server and for management of the screen. This webserver provides the entry page for the local web browser as well as remote control and status pages. A second daemon polls the web server periodically to trigger recurring tasks such as checking the Concerto server for new settings, and applying existing configuration.

A prerequisite to using Bandshell is having the {concerto-hardware}[https://www.github.com/concerto/concerto-hardware] plugin installed on the Concerto server. Don't fret, though: it is currently included by default!

= Installation

The easiest way to get Bandshell is to download the {Concerto Player image}[https://github.com/concerto/concerto-player], a complete operating system for your display computer. It launches Bandshell and a web server to display it out of the box with little to no manual configuration.

Advanced installation instructions and development information can be found at the wiki link below.

== Documentation

Further documentation on Bandshell can be found in the {Bandshell Wiki on github}[https://github.com/concerto/bandshell/wiki].

For general Concerto v2 Documentation, see the {Concerto Wiki}[https://github.com/concerto/concerto/wiki]. The public website for Concerto is at http://www.concerto-signage.org.

Bandshell is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.
